Closes #80 Align core attribute documentation with ADaM IG 1.3 and SDTM standards (#127)
atorus-research/metacore: README.Rmd

-   *keep*: Logical value about if the variable needs to be kept

> -   *core*: Core attribute indicating variable requirements. According to ADaM IG 1.3, valid values are "Required", "Conditionally Required", or "Permissible". 

Reviewer: I feel it's best to refer to the most up-to-date version of the IG even if they were introduced in an earlier version.

>     For SDTM, values may include "Required", "Expected", or "Permissible". The field can also be NA. For more information about core see [CDISC](https://www.cdisc.org/standards/foundational/adam)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    For SDTM, values may include "Required", "Expected", or "Permissible" according to latest SDTM v3.4. The field can also be NA. For more information about core see [CDISC](https://www.cdisc.org/standards/foundational/adam)
```

>     For SDTM, values may include "Required", "Expected", or "Permissible" according to latest SDTM v3.4. The field can also be NA. For more information about core see [CDISC](https://www.cdisc.org/standards/foundational/adam)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    For SDTM, values may include "Required", "Expected", or "Permissible" according to latest SDTM IG 3.4. The field can also be NA. For more information about core see [CDISC](https://www.cdisc.org/standards/foundational/adam)
```
